docs(2.3.x) improve Admin API loopback instructions (#2637)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.1.x/secure-admin-api.md

[IP restrictions][ip-restriction], or [access control lists][acl]) as you would
normally to any other Kong API.

If you are using docker to host Kong, you can accomplish a similar task via a declarative configuration such as this one:

``` yaml
_format_version: "1.1"

services:
- name: admin-api
  url: http://127.0.0.1:8001
  routes:
    - paths:
      - /admin-api
  plugins:
  - name: key-auth

consumers:
- username: admin
  keyauth_credentials:
  - key: secret
```

> Under this configuration, the Admin API will be available via the `/admin-api` but only for requests accopanied with `?apikey=secret` query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under this configuration, the Admin API will be available through the `/admin-api`, but only for requests accompanied with `?apikey=secret` query
```

avoid Latin phrases and abbreviations per style guide

Author: Ah, yes I have a tendency to use those. I suspect I have some Ancient Roman ancestry.

parameters.

> Assuming that the file above is stored in `$(pwd)/kong.yml`, a dbless Kong can use it as it starts like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that the file above is stored in `$(pwd)/kong.yml`, a DB-less {{site.ee_product_name}} can use it as it starts like this:
```

For consistency https://docs.konghq.com/hub/plugins/compatibility/. I know just saying "Kong" was convenient but we should follow proper use of variables.

Author: I didn't know we were using those environment variables now. I have changed them (`site.ee_product_name` in Enterprise pages and `site.ce_product_name` in Community pages)
